feat: Add single phase viscosity dependency on temperature (#4029)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/constitutive/docs/CompressibleSinglePhaseFluid.rst

This model represents a compressible single-phase fluid with constant compressibility
and pressure-dependent viscosity.
For thermal simulations, the model density and viscosity have a temperature dependency

> expressed as a constant thermal expansion coefficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expressed as a constant thermal expansion coefficient and a constant temperature-viscosity coefficient, respectively.
```

> For thermal simulations, the model density and viscosity have a temperature dependency
> expressed as a constant thermal expansion coefficient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For thermal simulations, fluid density and viscosity are temperature-dependent, governed by a constant thermal expansion coefficient.
```

These assumptions are valid for slightly compressible fluids, such as water, and some
types of oil with negligible amounts of dissolved gas.

Specifically, fluid density is computed as

.. math::
   \rho(p) = \rho_0  e^{c_\rho(p - p_0)}

for isothermal cases and,

.. math::

>    \rho(p,T) = \rho_0  e^{c_\rho(p - p_0)}  e^{-\beta_\rho (T - T_0)}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   \rho(p,T) = \rho_0  e^{c_\rho(p - p_0)}  e^{ - \beta_\rho (T - T_0)}
```
